feat: add linux/arm64 architecture for Apple M1 support (#34)
coderbyheart/fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker: README.md

    cd sdk-nrf
    docker build --no-cache=true -t fw-nrfconnect-nrf-docker -f /tmp/Dockerfile .

> > _Note:_ To build for a Mac with the M1 architecture, you need to specify the `arm64` architecutre when building: `--build-arg arch=arm64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _:green_apple: Note:_ To build for a Mac with the M1 architecture, you need to specify the `arm64` architecture when building: `--build-arg arch=arm64`.
```

> _Note:_ This is a convenient way to quickly build your firmware but using images from untrusted third-parties poses the risk of exposing your source code.

> > _Note 2:_ The prebuilt images are not available for `arm64` architecture (Apple M1), since GitHub Actions don't have hosted runners with Apple M1 yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _:green_apple: Note:_ The prebuilt images are not available for `arm64` architecture (Apple M1), because GitHub Actions don't have hosted runners with Apple M1 yet.
```
